Add sphinx-design and use grid menus and other elements (#61)
rapidsai/deployment: source/index.md

{bdg-primary}`docker`
{bdg-primary}`conda`
{bdg-primary}`pip`
{bdg-primary}`WSL2`
````

````{grid-item-card}
:link: cloud/index
:link-type: doc
{fas}`cloud;sd-text-primary` Cloud
^^^
Use RAPIDS on the cloud.

{bdg-primary}`Amazon Web Services`
{bdg-primary}`Google Cloud Platform`
{bdg-primary}`Microsoft Azure`
{bdg-primary}`IBM Cloud`
````

````{grid-item-card}
:link: hpc
:link-type: doc
{fas}`server;sd-text-primary` HPC
^^^
Use RAPIDS on high performance computers and supercomputers.

{bdg-primary}`SLURM`
````

````{grid-item-card}
:link: platforms/index
:link-type: doc
{fas}`network-wired;sd-text-primary` Platforms
^^^
Use RAPIDS on compute platforms.

{bdg-primary}`Kubernetes`
{bdg-primary}`Kubeflow`
{bdg-primary}`Databricks`
````

````{grid-item-card}
:link: tools/index
:link-type: doc
{fas}`hammer;sd-text-primary` Tools
^^^
There are many tools to deploy RAPIDS.

{bdg-primary}`containers`
{bdg-primary}`dask-kubernetes`
{bdg-primary}`dask-operator`
{bdg-primary}`dask-helm-chart`
{bdg-primary}`dask-gateway`
````

````{grid-item-card}
:link: https://github.com/rapidsai/cloud-ml-examples
{fas}`book;sd-text-primary` Cloud ML Examples
^^^

> See our [example notebooks repo](https://github.com/rapidsai/cloud-ml-examples) with opinionated deployments of RAPIDS to inspire you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See our [example notebooks repo](https://github.com/rapidsai/cloud-ml-examples) with opinionated deployments of RAPIDS to boost machine learning workflows.
```

Just a suggestion. WDYT?
